# The real-time platform, realtimeplatform.org

```
     Coming soon:         Winter 2012
     Watch the repo:      Get free updates
     Community driven:    Fork, Pull, Push, add information and educate the future.
```

## The manifest

The real-time web is a dark void on the internet, people have heard about the
existence of it, read the various published specifications and might even
implemented a thing or two. But when I comes down to fully understanding and
conquering all aspects of this technology, nobody knows all the ins and outs of
it. And those who have conquered it do not share their experience and wisdom
about it. This can either be due the lack of interest, time or just plain old
selfish behaviour and fear that people might build upon "Their" idea's.

But I confess, I am of them, I have been working on the real-time web for
quite a while now but never took the opportunity to share my experiences to
a broader audience then tech conferences that I speak on. But not more!  It's
time that we educate the real-time web, it's time that we join forces, us as
developers, framework authors, PAAS providers, startups and even our connected
clients. We need to share the information, bugs, workarounds and our own best
practises. It doesn't matter if we are closed or open source, we should not
share this information so that we get better from it but our users.

In order to facilitate this I have started the realtimeplatform.org a central
location, a resource for the real-time web that is curated by the community.
Help me make the web better, let's take the pain out building a real-time web
and allow people to innovate and continue to be awesome.

## Contributing

The realtimeplatform.org is a community driven site and in order to make this
approachable to everybody it's source and site is hosted on github. The is
statically generated by Jekyll which is the same tool powers the github pages.
One might think that a wiki styled application might have been more appropriate as
it lowers the barrier for people to contribute. This was considered but quickly
thrown off the table as it doesn't allow fact checking and lacks quality
assurance. By leveraging github issues and pull requests we can engage
discussions and iterate on idea's.
